Let's say we want to use the image from the Web.
And for Dad you can simply pick one here I'll do it with Google image search let's say this one and
we want to use that image on our game over a screen.
Now before we use this requires some text to load a local image.
Now this syntax will no longer be the right one.
So I'll duplicate this line and comment it out for a web image.
Instead you pass the object to source and on that object you pass a you are I prop and did you are I
prop holds a string which is your link to the image.
So your link to the image is passed to the you are a prop in this object which you passed the source.
Now if you do that this loads the image from the web but there is one important thing you have to know
for the image.
Dad was loaded locally.
I mentioned dad react native is able to determine its width and height and uses that as a default.
Therefore for a locally loaded image you don't have to set a width and height on the image.
We're doing it here because we want to override the default width and height.
But if you had an image that is already perfectly sized you wouldn't have to set width and height for
images from the web.
React Native is not able to determine the width and the height of the image before it's loaded because
it's not part of the app it's coming from a web.
React Native downloads it and it's kind of a surprise regarding what the width and the height is they
are for four network images.
So for image as you are fetching with a link you always have to set a width and a height on the image
object on the image component here for a local image is added with require.
You can do that as we're doing it to overwrite it but you don't have to.
That's important differentiation.
Now you might have also seen that for web images downloaded image actually faded in when it was loaded
for the first time and that's an ice factory OK native ads automatically for network images.
It downloads that image and whilst you're waiting for the download to complete that basically shows
nothing it can show the image yet but when the image is loaded it doesn't just pop it in there but instead
it slowly fades it in which is a nicer transition for that loaded image.
That's a nice effect and you can also control this with fade duration.
You can set this to a number and the default is hundred.
That would be 300 milliseconds but you can set this to a different millisecond value like 1000 milliseconds
which would be one second for the image to fade and so on after the first load the image is cached and
therefore subsequent usages of the same image happened pretty much instantly because it already was
downloaded.
So that's how to use network images and what to be aware of regarding those.